Update development guide (#2832)
m3db/m3: DEVELOPMENT.md

# Development

> M3 is a very active, large codebase. This guide is intended for all potential

Reviewer: ```suggestion
M3 is an active, large codebase. This guide is intended for all potential
```

I need to create a proper style guide etc, but words like "very" are often not needed and add nothing

contributors, designed to make it easy to get started with contributing to M3.

## Setup your development environment

> First, fork https://github.com/m3db/m3 to your own user or org account on Github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, fork https://github.com/m3db/m3 to your own user or org account on GitHub.
```

Then, clone your fork:

> ```bash

Reviewer: Is there any reason it switches from m3 to m3db here? I know we all need to have further discussions on naming, but it's an sudden change, without explanation.

mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/github.com/m3db
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/m3db
git clone git@github.com:<fork_user_or_org>/m3.git
```

Note: All commits/branches/etc must be pushed to the fork, not to m3db/m3.

> Verify that `git clone` properly set the repository's upstream:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Verify that `git clone` properly set the repository's upstream:
```

This looks like it's part of the note

```
# git remote -v
origin  git@github.com:<fork_user_or_org>/m3.git (fetch)
origin  git@github.com:<fork_user_or_org>/m3.git (push)
```

Install dependencies:

```bash
cd m3/
make install-vendor-m3
```

If everything is set up correctly, `m3dbnode` should build successfully:

```bash
make m3dbnode
```

## Running the M3 stack locally

Follow the instructions in [this README][local-readme].

[local-readme]: ./scripts/development/m3_stack/README.md

## Updating Mocks And Generated Files

If changes require updates to mocks or other generated files, make sure to
update those files. There are `make` targets to help with generation:

- Mocks: `make mock-gen`
- Protobuf: `make proto-gen`
- Thrift: `make thrift-gen`

Don't forget to account for changes to generated files in tests!

## Testing Changes

M3 has an extensive test suite to ensure that we are able to validate changes.
More notes about the various testing strategies we employ can be found in
[TESTING][TESTING.md].

While our CI suite will run all tests prior to allowing pull requests to be
merged, developers should test their changes during development and prior to

> pushing updates. To test code, simply use `go test`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pushing updates. To test code, use `go test`:
```

```

> go test ./... -v

Reviewer: ```
go: finding module for package github.com/m3db/m3/src/x/generated/proto/test
src/x/test/namespace_extended_opts.go:27:2: no matching versions for query "latest"
```

Is that expected?

Author: This path should be `./src/...` instead of `./...`, but otherwise it works for me:

```
# go test ./src/x/...
ok      github.com/m3db/m3/src/x/cache  3.384s
<snip>
# echo $?
0
```

Reviewer: @mway 

`go test ./src/... -v` I still get the same error, run from the root directory?

Author: I think there might be something wrong with your Go environment, possibly you haven't cloned this within your GOPATH.

Author: @ChrisChinchilla Were you able to verify your Go environment?

Reviewer: @mway odd, I changed nothing, recloned the repo and this time it worked

```

Unfortunately, as more tests have been added, the time required to run the
entire suite has increased significantly; therefore, we recommend at least
running tests for both (1) any packages with changes and (2) any packages that

> import the changed packages. A crude example of this would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import the changed packages. An example of this would be:
```

```bash
changed=$(git diff --name-only HEAD^ HEAD | xargs -I {} dirname {} | sort | uniq)
for pkg in $changed; do
  affected=$(grep -r "$pkg" ./src | cut -d: -f1 | grep -v mock | xargs -I{} dirname {} | sort | uniq)
  go test -v -race "./$pkg" $affected
done
```

> Of course, contributors are free to do whatever due diligence they feel helps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributors are free to do whatever due diligence they feel helps
```

first-pass filter to determine whether a change is sane or not.

Once tests are passing locally, push to a new remote branch to create a pull
request, or push to an existing branch to update a pull request. If the CI
suite reports any errors, attempt to reproduce failures locally and fix them
before continuing.

For larger or more intensive tests (e.g. "big" unit tests, integration tests),
additional build tags may be necessary to scope the tests down to a smaller
subset, e.g.:

```
# example integration test
$ go test ./integration -tags integration -run TestIndexBlockRotation -v

# example big unit test
$ go test -tags big ./services/m3dbnode/main -run TestIndexEnabledServer -v
```

## Code Review

Please observe the following guidelines when submitting or reviewing pull
requests:

- Merging is blocked on approval by 1 or more users with write access. We
  recommend 2+ for large, complex, or nuanced changes.
- Pull requests should contain clear descriptions and context per the
  pull request template.
- Breaking changes under the current versioning guarantees (see
  [COMPATIBILITY][COMPATIBILITY.md]) must be approved by the

>   [TSC][GOVERNANCE.md].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [Technical steering committee (TSC)][GOVERNANCE.md].
```

People don't necessarily know what a "TSC" is

- The [STYLEGUIDE][STYLEGUIDE.md] should be followed to the extent reasonable
  within the scope of the pull request.

> - Changed codepaths should be exercised by unit tests that cover at least one

Reviewer: This is a bit unclear, is "exercised" a particular technical term? I couldn't find anything?

Author: Pedantically, it means "used" or "executed" in this context, but in general it's synonymous with "tested", "evaluated", "validated", etc. I'll switch to "validated" for clarity.

  nominal case and one error case.
- Pull requests may only be merged with a green build. Do not merge with
  build failures, even if they are known and unrelated.

> - Flaky or otherwise spurious CI failures count as hard failures. Commit fixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Flaky or otherwise unreliable CI failures count as hard failures. Commit fixes
```

Spurious is not the best word for non-native readers

must be done as a subsquent commit after the merged PR (though the CHANGELOG
PR can be prepared in tandem with the referenced PR).

The format of the CHANGELOG entry should be:

```
- TYPE **COMPONENT**: Description (#PR_NUMBER)
```

The `TYPE` should be ommitted if it is a feature. If the change is not a
feature, `TYPE` should be either `FIX` or `PERF`. New types of changes should
be added to this document before used if they cannot be categorized by the
existing types.

New CHANGELOG entries should be added to the current "unreleased" section at
the top of the CHANGELOG as long as they are within the scope of that potential
version. If no unreleased section exists, one should be added using the
appropriate proposed semver. If an unreleased section exists but the new change
requires a different semver change (e.g. the unreleased version is a patch
version bump, but the new change requires a minor version bump), the version
on the existing section should be updated. See [COMPATIBILITY][COMPATIBILITY.md]
for more information on versioning.

An example CHANGELOG addition:

```
# 0.4.5 (unreleased)

- FIX **DB**: Index data race in FST Segment reads (#938)
```

> ## Building Docs

Reviewer: OK, I need to update this whole section… Leave it for now, I will create a seperate readme in that directory.
